= trackable_tasks

A class to put rspec tasks in that includes tracking and logging the data in the tasks.

= Installation

Add the gem to your gem file

    gem "trackable_tasks"

Run the install generator and migrate

    rails generate trackable_tasks:install
    rake db:migrate

= How to use

The install generators adds a rake task to the system called trackable_task.  This task is used to call all of the trackable tasks.

    rake trackable_task my_task

The trackable task rake task looks for a class in /lib/trackable_tasks/my_task.rb called MyTask.  MyTask must have the supertype AbstractTrackableTask.  Something like this:

class MyTask < AbstractTrackableTask
  def run 
    puts "hello"
  end 
end


The rake task calls initialize, on the object which sets up the tracking environment.  The initialize function automatically calls run to run the task.

Future work includes setting log levels as a rake parameter

== Future Work

* lots

== Contributing to trackable_tasks
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Jeremiah Hemphill. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

